full time kid with Mya haha hi my here
today we're going to make our own
thermometer here's what you'll need an
empty glass bottle some food coloring
some modeling clay a clear straw 1/2 cup
of rubbing alcohol and 1/2 cup of water
pour your water into the glass bottle
now for your rubbing alcohol into the
bottle add a few drops of food coloring
now mix it like this
insert your straw into the bottle make
sure it doesn't fall through or touch
the bottom just like this now squish
your modeling clay around the straw make
sure not to cover the top of the straw
the liquid expands and it's warm and
moves up the stuff and liquid contracts
when it's cold and moves down the straw
put your thermometer in the Sun if you
want to see it in action
let's go check it out whoa that's cool
science is awesome thanks for watching
pour your water into the glass of the
bottle bottle ready